,reviewer,rating,text
0,Clire C.,5,"First time trying PAI and it was soooo delicious! Got their shrimp pad thai ($20) & their chicken khao soi ($18). The khao soi was honestly the best I've had! Soup was flavourful, the perfect amount of curry and coconut milk. For drinks, we got a pineapple shake ($6) and mango juice ($4) which was super refreshing .Lastly, we ended off with their mango sticky rice ($10). I reserved one month in advance on opentable for a table for 2 for a Sunday at 6pm. They're always super busy and lunch and dinner times are always full so make sure to reserve early!"
1,Jacqui L.,5,"Still as good as it was 5 years ago.Pad Thai $18Pad See Ew $18Grabong $15.50Thai iced tea $6Sangria $11Everything we got was cooked and made to perfection. Great service and food has been consistently on point. I think my favourite main dish is now the pad see ew. Damn that thick noodle just hits the spot!Get the sangria, you won't regret this."
2,Ash S.,5,"Authentic and very delicious Thai food. This time I was able to get a reservation for dine in, which was nice. Their Khao soi is slightly more watery than other ones I've had, but creamy and flavorful nonetheless. The pork rib soup was sour, spicy, and addictive; they don't skimp on the meat. I would actually recommend sitting inside rather than on their two patios, as the interior is beautifully decorated and outside can smell a little like sewer if the wind isn't blowing in your favor"
3,Annie P.,5,"Authentic Thai - AMAZING FOOD!  This is my husbands favourite Thai restaurant in Toronto (mine is Jatujak). We usually avoid going downtown, but PAI is the exception.  What we usually order: [Gai Satay Skewers] - These tender chicken skewers with a peanut sauce is an amazing starter [Morning Glory] - This is the best morning glory dish in the city! Always our go to order [Green Curry] - This is the dish that made PAI my husbands favourite Thai restaurant in the city. It is packed with flavour and very unique from other green curries as this one has a fishy taste to its curry sauce. [Khao Soi] - This one is one of my favourite Thai Dishes, and although they don't make it as well at Jatujak, their version is still pretty darn good.  Overall, Pai is a delicious authentic thai restaurant, serving up some amazing flavourful dishes. It does tend to get super busy here, so heads up!"
4,Bebita F.,5,First time at this restaurant.Had heard from many people that is a must try place and it definitely did not disappoint. From the moment we walked in we were greeted and accommodated by all staff. They were very knowledgeable about their food and made great suggestions. But I cannnot say enough about the food.....wow soooo delicious  I would go back again and again.
5,Marco M.,4,"Went by a week or 2 after lockdown, dine in reservations were full, only walk-in first come first serve. Only waited about 20-30 minutes. First time experiencing Pai as a friend recommended this place. Thai milk tea was very nice just a hint too sweet for me but tasted quite authentic as I have been to Thailand. Also ordered PAD THAI, thai spicy. Very nice kick as I'm used to spicy food"
6,Hannah C.,5,"Located in the heart of downtown, this is definitely a hidden gem. Very down to earth, and a nice place to chill and dine with friends or family. They do also have a bar area for solo diners. I do not recommend this place if you are looking for a quiet romantic date. However if you seek an upbeat, busy yet savoury food, this is your go to. If you crave Thai food, their food here is flavourful and delicious. You can tell they use fresh ingredients to make a great meal. Definitely a must try for Thai cuisine."
7,John D.,5,"For all you west side kids, Pai has a location in Etobicoke delivering through apps. Location: Pai EtobicokeDelivery: UberEatsI had to write my review before my words are slowly fleeting away..Ordered Khao Soi, coconut curry egg noodle, one tofu/veggie and one beef. Beef Khao Soi. There are 5-6 large chunks of beef. Tofu/Veggie Khao Soi. Broccoli and cauliflower were overcooked and broke upon touch. Despite the overcooked vegetables, the coconut curry was so rich, creamy, and flavourful. The egg noodle was a smaller portion than expected; the broth to noodle ratio was really skewed in the broth's favour. I really appreciated the following: Lime/green onions were packed into a small Dixie cup container. Fried noodles were plentiful, a whole sandwich bag full. Egg noodles were perfectly cooked and packed into a small round container. Would 100% reorder with a slight hope for non-overcooked broccoli and cauliflower. I hope the Pai Etobicoke location allows dine in once we return to a semi normalcy in the not so distant future."
8,Kareen N.,4,"Hm... I'm gonna try coming back here to get the full experience but for now I'm just going to comment on the food because I've only ever gotten takeout.I've only ever tried the Pad Thai here and you know what I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it. It checks off everything I want in a Pad Thai and this is the safest bet you'll get in Toronto. The only reason why I wouldn't give it five stars is cause I'm not particularly wowed by anything, if anything I feel every other Pad Thai place is like below standard and this one is the standard. My boyfriend also tried the green curry and he seemed to really like it. I tried a bite and it was quite refreshing and coconut-y but very filling. Can't wait to try this in house someday!"
9,Pat C.,4,"Came here on Saturday at 1145 and a line has already started forming so come early! Waitress was very friendly and attentive. The best dish for me was the shrimp miang kum. Definitely a must! I'm surprised they have this here as it's a very niche thai dish - will definitely return for more! The platter is alright, I like the moo ping (pork skewers) the most. The laab (minced pork) tasted kinda soapy (?) Which is weird I'm not sure why but I didn't enjoy it too much. The fritters were crunchy and fun to eat. Last the beef salad was okay. It was a little dry, I wish there was more sauce or dressing because the dressing is really good. All in all it was very good and I would definitely come back to try the rest!"
